Decision support systems
Maheswara Reddy Moyilla
99999-1034
Homework 0:

•	§ create a Tableau account and place a screenshot of your account in your final homework document.
Answer:
     Email id: Mmoyilla9291@muleriders.saumag.edu
Screen shot:
 
•	§ create a Github and place your github ID and a screenshot of your account in your final homework document.
Answer:
Username: Maheswarareddymoyilla
Id: MMoyilla9291@muleriders.saumag.edu
 

•	§ There is a lot to explore in Tableau. Explore at least one Tableau report and summarize what you learned from it. You will need only supply 3-5 sentences in your summary, but make sure there is enough detail so that someone who is not familiar with the area can learn something interesting.

Answer:

Tableau is a software used for data visualization and for data analysis. Tableau for sales reporting https://www.tableau.com/stories/topic/sales-reporting.
It is been used for to compare the sales and used for the sale analytics in this report. analyzing the data, we can know sales and add a new approaches or methods to increase the sales. It can even connect to many other useful tools like cloud and salesforce. All the data can be stored and analyzed and reports are generated as per the user request.
 
•	§ Github is an amazing place with millions of repositories. Find one of interest and explore it. Please provide a 3-5 sentence summary of what you found in that Github repository. Also please provide the link to the repository. This part of the assignment will be much easier if you pick an active project (e.g. D3.js or something even a repository for a language that is active). While not a strict requirement, you are encouraged to find a repo having something to do with data.

Answer:

GitHub Repository Link:

https://github.com/Maheswarareddymoyilla/Decision-support-system
GitHub is a place where we can create some repositories to add the code, from which many users can access to the code and update and can be used as for deployment for ease.
Repository that I have explored is https://github.com/NaveenVupputuri/CMPS-Cryptography-Naveen. The repository is of about cryptography, in which they about cipher algorithms. The people in a team created each repository of their own to access the code and for deployment purposes.

